All right.
We're back with the governor
of New York, Andrew Cuomo.
So you had a meeting with
the president last week.
Let's hear how that went.
Swimmingly.
All right.
You don't even need to--
The--
Go ahead.
President and I don't have a
warm and fuzzy relationship.
He's not much a
fan of my politics,
and we have been going back
and forth for many years now.
And that's OK.
But we sat down.
We had a meeting
about this issue
of testing, which is going to
be very important going forward.
Nobody really understands it.
Nobody's really done it before.
We have to bring this testing to
a scale that's been unheard of.
And there's been a
lot of back and forth.
Does the federal government?
Do the state governments
do it, et cetera.
And in truth, we
both have to do it,
because we both have
responsibilities.
So I wanted to just
sit down with them
and sort of figure
out, how do we do it?
Who does it?
What do I do?
What do you do?
And let's just cut
to the chase on this.
And it was actually
a good conversation.
And look, credit
where credit is due.
I know that the
president's people--
I'm not their biggest--
they're not my biggest fan.
And that's OK.
But we actually did what we
were supposed to do, Ellen.
And I think that's important,
because nobody really
cares what the president
thinks about me
or what I think about
the president, right?
Who cares about all these
emotions and politics and all
this stuff?
Just do your job.
Do your job.
So that's what we did.
And we have a good
template going forward.
We're going to work to
double the number of tests
in this state, which is a big
deal, because the testing is
the only matrix you
have to move forward.
When do you reopen?
How fast do you reopen?
Where do you reopen?
The only gauge you have
as you go through this
is if you're testing and
you're actually watching what
happens to the infection rate.
So as you're moving
towards reopening,
are you moving that
infection rate?
Are more people
getting infected?
To do that, you
have to do testing.
So it was a productive meeting.
And we have a gameplan.
And I think we have a game
plan not just for New York,
but for California and
all the other states.
Yes, because you
can say you're going
to have all that testing
in, you know, one state,
but then another state opens
early like Georgia or Florida
or these people that want
to start opening businesses.
What happens when
these people decide
to travel to another state
that we have stayed home?
So it's just dangerous
to allow that to happen
if people come to us.
Yeah, there's no doubt about it.
And that's why we try to
operate-- in the Northeast,
we're operating with seven
states as part of one coalition
precisely for that reason.
If Connecticut does something--
if Connecticut
opens its beaches,
all the New Yorkers will go to
Connecticut to go to the beach,
right?
So you have to coordinate.
And we have about seven states
that are working together
to coordinate.
And California is coordinating
with the neighboring states,
because people are so desperate
to get out and do things,
that they will go
to the next state.
All right, we'll take a break.
More with the
governor after this.
All right, we're back
with Governor Cuomo.
Can I say that I
am a Cuomosexual?
You know that that's
going around--
that people are saying
they're Cuomosexuals?
Yeah, I think
that's a good thing.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
People are in love with you.
It started with Trevor Noah.
And but not only--
but it includes
your brother, Chris.
Both Cuomos, I enjoy
both of you very much.
Yes, but you enjoy me more.
Didn't you say that earlier?
Yes.
Yes, I can say that right now
because I'm talking to you,
but then when I'll talk to
him, I'll say he's my favorite.
I know you have this competition
with who the mother loves more,
and I understand all that.
But you're both charming.
You're both adorable.
Now, you've obviously
already had this relationship
that's adorable.
But do you think this has
brought you closer together
because he contracted COVID-19?
No.
You can't be closer than I
am with my brother Chris.
We have been all our lives.
He's my best friend--
my little best friend.
But we have a very
special relationship.
I just felt bad during that
whole coronavirus thing.
One of the peculiar
hellish facts--
he's sick, his wife gets sick,
he has the kids in the house,
and I can't even go to help.
That's one of the
bizarre things here.
So I have my brother's sick.
And whatever they say, well,
you're young, don't worry.
Yeah, but you still worry.
And he had it, and I couldn't
even get close to him.
And nobody could go over
to the house to help.
It really is so miserable, this
situation, in so many ways.
But he's better.
He's good.
His wife is better.
Now his son has it,
which is what happens.
It just works its way
through the family.
But no, we had a little--
and, look, talk about guts.
The day he got diagnosed with
it, he went on air that night.
And that took real guts.
I don't care how strong
you are, they call you up
and they say, you tested
positive for coronavirus,
you have to have some
butterflies in your stomach.
And he went right on
the air that night,
and I think he did a great
public service, because he
shared it with people.
He took the mystery off it.
And he showed what it was
like every step of the way.
And we actually had
some fun with it.
So it all worked.
Thank god.
Yeah, it really did.
It worked in a way that
it made it, obviously,
more personal when you know
somebody or somebody that you
watch and you feel like you
have a relationship with them.
And you could see
the pain in his eyes.
You could see when he had fever.
He just looked so sick.
And anyway, I just think
that you're amazing.
When you run for president, I
will be behind you all the way,
because that's going to be
exciting to watch you run.
And--
No pressure.
No comment.
You're supposed to
say something now.
No comment.
I'm governor of the great state
of New York, and I'm happy.
All right.
Well, I do think that that
will happen at some point.
And I think that'll be a great
thing when it does happen.
Thank you so much
for all you're doing.
Thanks for taking the
time to talk to me.
And send my love to
your little brother,
and tell him I'm very happy he's
feeling better-- and my love
to the family.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ellen.
Thank you very much.
Pleasure to be with you.
All right.
Thanks, nice to be with you too.
And my love to the boyfriend.
Stop there.
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you to
subscribe to her channel so you
can see more awesome videos,
like videos of me getting
scared or saying embarrassing
things like ball-peen hammer--
and also some videos of
Ellen and other celebrities,
if you're into
that sort of thing.
[SHOUTING]
[BLEEP]
God [BLEEP]